In the interest of transparency, ModCore Inc., doing business as
Essential (“Essential”), is making available the code of its
Essential™ modification to the Minecraft® game (collectively with all
updates thereto and versions thereof, the “Mod”) solely to enable you
to view and audit compiled binaries of the Mod as distributed by
Essential and third parties to verify that these distributed versions
of the Mod are authentic and directly derived from Modcore’s published
source code for the Mod without modification or tampering. This
permission does not constitute any license or transfer of rights in
and to the Mod or its underlying code, and you may not copy,
reproduce, modify, sell, license, distribute, commercialize, or
otherwise exploit, or create derivative works based upon, the Mod or
its underlying code, all of which is reserved by Essential.

THE MOD IS PROVIDED TO YOU “AS IS” AND WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY OF ANY
KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED, STATUTORY, OR OTHERWISE, INCLUDING,
WITHOUT LIMITATION, ALL WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, OR ARISING OUT OF COURSE
OF DEALING, COURSE OF PERFORMANCE, USAGE, OR TRADE PRACTICE, ALL OF
WHICH ARE HEREBY EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMED TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED
BY LAW. ESSENTIAL MAKES NO REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY OF ANY KIND THAT
THE MOD WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS, BE COMPATIBLE OR WORK WITH ANY
OTHER SOFTWARE, SYSTEMS, OR SERVICES, OPERATE WITHOUT INTERRUPTION,
MEET ANY PERFORMANCE OR RELIABILITY STANDARDS, OR BE ERROR-FREE, OR
THAT ANY ERRORS OR DEFECTS CAN OR WILL BE CORRECTED.

Please email us at contact@essential.gg if you believe that any
distributed version of Essential™ does not match the official version
of Essential™ as produced by this repository so that we can resolve
any discrepancies and ensure community trust in Essential’s products
and services.
